EditServerConfig - new script (#15256)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_44.md

#### Scripts
##### New: EditServerConfig

> - Added a new script which updates the server configuration (available from XSOAR 6.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new script that allows updating or deleting the values of server configuration keys (available from XSOAR 6.0.0).
```
